---
title: 12.01.17
layout: post
author: ethan.roche
permalink: /12.01.17/
source-id: 1p5fTynqbUoLSenId9Q0PJ6854fcsy09618fKqeuiMyw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Binary</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Learning about how binary only uses 0s and 1s.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To learn about binary and to learn to try and try again.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes because I do know what binary is now and I have learnt to keep trying rather than just asking the teacher/a friend. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I had heard of binary as we vaguely went through it in year 7 but I was not 100% sure on how computers use it, I just knew what is was. I was struggling, but I did not want to give up so I kept trying different ways until I worked it out. I learnt that this was more effective than just asking someone else because when I taught myself it, it means I learnt more. Mr Keen was telling us about how we should always teach ourselves how to fix our blog pages if we are stuck. We could just ask him and he could easily tell us the answer, but that means we would forget it almost immediately. Lots of other teachers do not do this.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was not fully concentrating the whole lesson so I missed a few vital parts. This meant that I had to ask my partner what was going on because I was not focused. This is not good because it completely goes against our target for the lesson which is not good. Even though I know that information now, I may forget it soon. This limited my learning because it made me fall behind of everyone else.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In the next lesson, I will listen to the teacher more so that I can learn more key information. I will also participate more by putting my hand up. It does not matter if I'm wrong. Also, I will work more things out for myself so that I can be better at computing. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


