---
title: Python Calculator
layout: post
author: ethan.roche
permalink: /PythonCalculator/
source-id: 1j0RWkBxJQvvrUbge3USIVB48Igv3WAYXIyfJhAV5YIA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Making a Calculator</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>08/01/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Knowing a bit about python from year 8 and previous year 9 lessons.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To apply my past knowledge of python to my work in this lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, but I was struggling to complete the tasks to begin with.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson, we were looking at the worksheets that we have been working on and we attempted to make our own calculator on python. I completed it by using the instruction. It starts off by asking for a number and then another number. Once it has these two numbers, it then asks you to choose one of the four options: add, subtract, multiply and divide. Once you have chosen that, it tells you the answer to the first number add, subtract, divide, or times by the second number. Here is my work:

def add(num1,num2):
    answer = num1 + num2
    return answer
    
def subtract(num1,num2):
    answer = num1 - num2
    return answer
    
def divide(num1,num2):
    answer = num1 / num2
    return answer
    
def multiply(num1,num2):
    answer = num1 * num2
    return answer

first = int(input("Enter your first number: "))
second = int(input("Enter your second number: "))

print("Choose an option: (1) Add, (2) Subtract, (3) Divide, (4) Multiply")
choice= int(input())

if choice == 1:
    answer = add(first,second)

elif choice == 2:
  answer = subtract(first,second)
  
elif choice == 3:
  answer = divide(first,second)
  
elif choice == 4:
  answer = multiply(first,second)

print("The answer is",answer)

</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I found it difficult to work out the coding, but I think a bit more practising will help.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I did well.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


